





"The Original Liquid Applied Rubber Roof Shield Systems"
We have received your information and one of our sales associates will be contacting you soon, in the meantime theroofstore.net team has provided for you the most important information for clarification purposes:
* Our system is the only tile roof coating system (monolithic retrofit element) with the Dade County TAS-106 wind Uplift Test that proves its superior strength and durability.
* We are the only contracting & manufacturing firm that has side by side evidence of hurricane coated resistant roofs.
* Our products are industrial strength, environmentally safe, resin weatherproof rubber submersible coating materials.
* Our transferable product warranty may include a hurricane uplift rating which can lower your insurance premiums.
* Our product Fire rating may qualify for a discount to lower your insurance premiums.
* Roof Shield is a retrofit property improvement which is tax deductible.
* Our white reflective products honor the Fp&l discount of up to 45 cents per sq ft for energy efficiency.
* Roof Shield System quality's for The State of Florida Roof Life certification for an additional 10 years on 50+ Y/O roofs..
* theroofstore.net (and the affiliated network websites we own) have been online resources for the past 15 years,
* Our Florida corporation was founded and has been servicing Floridians since 1994, celebrating our 24th year in 2018
* A Licensed commercial and residential contracting firm.
Our pricing (certain discounts may apply with rebate program)
Fungal Shield System clear (roofs or walls), 50 cents to 70 cents per sq ft'. (Includes labor & materials)
A) 1. Flat smooth tile clear, 2/12 to 4/12 pitch 50 cents to 70 cents pr sq ft'
2. 5/12 pitch 70 cents to 90 cents
B) 1. Flat broom swept tile clear, pitch 2/12 to 4/12 pitch 70 to 90 cents per sq ft'
2. 5/12 pitch 90 to 1.25
C) 1. S tile clear 2/12 to 4/12 pitch 90 1.25 per sq ft
2. 5/12 pitch 1.25 to 1.45 per sq ft'
Smart Shield System waterproofing (tile roofs, walls & flat decks), 2.35 to 2.75 per sq ft.' (includes labor & materials)
A) 1. Flat decks waterproofing 2.35 to 2.75 pr sq ft'(miner required restoration maybe included)
B) 1. Flat smooth tile waterproofing 2/12 to 4/12 pitch, 1.90 to 2.25 pr sq ft'(miner required restoration maybe included)
2. Flat smooth tile waterproofing 5/12 pitch 2.25 to 2.50 per sq ft'
C) 1. Flat broom swept tile waterproofing 2/12 to 4/12 pitch, 2.15 to 2.35 per sq ft'(miner required restoration maybe included)
2. Flat broom swept tile waterproofing 5/12 pitch, 2.35 to 2 .50 per sq ft'(miner required restoration maybe included)
D) 1. S tile waterproofing 2/12 to 4/12 pitch, 2.35 to 2.50 per sq ft (miner required restoration maybe included)
2. S tile waterproofing 5/12 pitch, 2.50 to 2.75 to per sq ft'(miner required restoration maybe included)
Roof Shield System, weatherproofing retrofit 2.75 to 3.50+ pr sq ft' (miner required restoration maybe included).
A) 1. Flat decks weatherproofing 2.75 to 3.50 pr sq ft'(miner required restoration maybe included)
B) 1. Flat smooth tile weatherproofing pitch, 2/12 to 4/12, 2.7o to 3.00 pr sq ft'(miner required restoration maybe included)
C) 1. Flat broom swept tile weatherproofing, pitch 2/12 to 4/12, 3.25 to 3.50 per sq ft'(miner required restoration maybe included)
2. Flat broom swept tile weatherproofing 5/12 pitch, 3.65 to 3.85 pr sq ft'(miner required restoration maybe included)
D) 1. S tile weatherproofing 2/12 to 4/12 pitch. 4.00 to 4.20 per sq ft (miner required restoration maybe included)
2. S tile weatherproofing 5/12 pitch, 4.45 to 4.75 per sq ft'(miner required restoration maybe included)
Variance in price is predicated on type and length of warranty, (if any), additional preparation that the surface or edges may require, access, pitch and or shape of the tile or structures to be coated. Prices above include all required materials labor and some miner restoration and on flat decks taping seams as designated.
To get an apx sq ft of your Barrel Tile roof take the interior space under air and X 20%, (Flat cement tile roof x 10%) don't forget to include the garage and Florida rooms if you need those sealed as well, remember some roof overhangs are small, some large thus measurements can vary Barrel Tile (Spanish Tile) may increase the area of the surface by 20 %.+.
Product system basic costs. "there is never a charge for an onsite price quote, so if you just need one of our sales associates to visit with you and provide a quote there is no charge, however the manufacturer will require your roof to be inspected for purposes of the specific warranty program to Roof Shield so please continue reading the following, Thank you.
Note:
For resale purposes: for those roofs that qualify, the installed complete Roof Shield System may qualify your exiting roof for The State of Florida additional Roof Life certification of up to 10 years and is renewable each term renewal period providing the original system continues to be maintained.
The product manufacture requires an on-site evaluation inspection report to be undertaken (for the complete RoofShield System only) which is yours to keep and is completely confidential.
This measure is required by the manufacturer to be undertaken to confirm stable surfaces and stable edges are present on your roof for this specific product system warranty, protecting you as well as our firm from fraudulent reporting which would be grounds for termination of any warranty or guarantees.The confirmation and detailed report of your roofs soundness may also help to qualify your roof for the state of Florida additional roof life certification.
This exam is very similar to the wind mitigation report undertaken by your insurance company, it includes images beneath the roof as well as above including the eave overhang, perimeter edges, fascia boards and sub fascia were applicable and the report will indicate areas that need to be addressed prior to application and is your report to keep.
If required repair areas are found, (Broken tile, torn paper or rotten wood), must be removed and restored in prior to any permanent monolithic hard coating preparations and depending on the areas and the type of detailing required to be undertaken may already be included in the price ranges stated above.
The manufactures inspection report for product inspection for warranted work is 100% refundable if:
* Provide our company with a recent 4 point exam including the roof wind mitigation and adjunct images within the last six months.
* Inordinate amount of structural issues present and does not pass our minimum standard condition for a product system warranty.
* Decide at that time to purchase our products and install them yourself, (minimum 1000.00 product order).
* Utilize our in house licensed contracting firm to apply our roof coating products and system or retain the services of our authorized roof weatherproofing distributor contractors available locally or nation wide.
 

Structural Repairs must be undertaken before the application of our products and are the responsibility of the owner.
Manufactures onsite roof inspection fee is 150.00, it is required at completion and the property owner or agent must be present and access is to be made readily available for service personal to dwelling from the inside.
 
* Please send this email back and confirm that you accept the terms and conditions and that you "want the inspection for the Complete Roof Shield System" or just simply "a onsite price quote" then simply follow through with confirming booking arrangements that will be scheduled on this same email string shortly.
On site appointments guaranteed within 24 to 48 hrs (not including weekends, holidays or commercial bid inspections) of your written request.

 
Please inquire for the minimum size projects.
 
Commercial projects specifications or detailed manufactures consultation do not necessarily include the minimum above fee agreement or turn around guarantee.
 
Core samples are generally recommended on flat B.U.R roofs before installation, or at a minimum non - evasive slit sampling on exiting coating systems that have failed.
 
All product purchases include manufactures recommendations, warranty and limitations depending on the particular product order.
 
Thank you for your interest in our products.
 
The Original Liquid Applied Rubber Roof Shield Systems
theroofstore.net
For more information contact us via: roofrestor@bellsouth.net
Copyright © 2014 theroofstore.net
