Distributorship Opportunities Now Available
"The Amaziing Proven Liquid Applied Rubber Roof System"
DON'T REROOF IT, WEATHERPROOF IT!

Roof
ShieldTMThe 5 Step seamless Roof Coating System...
Upgrades
Protects
Insulates
FPL said your customers can save up to 23% annual savings on their electric bill
It pays for itself
Easy to install
One-half the cost of replacements
Stronger than new
Virtually sells itself
Cement Tile
Cement Tile BeforeCement Tile After
YOUR PROCESS TO EXTEND THE LIFE OF THE ROOF IS GREAT

Barrel Tile
Barrel Tile BeforeBarrel Tile After
THE COATING REALLY STOPPED ALL MY ROOF LEAKS.

Barrel Tile After Weatherproof
What do I get? We've established the relationships and the creditability:
We have the most advanced roof coating, waterproofing and painting products in the Industry available today.
Our proprietary liquid rubber products are 100% resin formulas - no fillers added., also suitable for Pending Water or Below Grade Projects.
Purchase from 38 products at 8-10% below the retail price so you can sell and profit from the products you install.
Licensed and insured seasoned professional installers.
Complete on-site training for all phases of the application process.
Nine-minute presentation video demonstrating the installations in progress on all types of roof surfaces.
Web site that serves as an on-line brochure with verifiable roof references that are over 5 years old.
V-terminal (no touch) merchant account. All major credit cards accepted. Great for same day repair servicing.
In-house advertising agency provides a 15 and 30-second TV commercial, Testimonial Video, Installation Video, 30-second radio commercial as well as brochures, Presentation Folders, forms, business cards and Shirts
Existing proven step-by-step easy Proven Sales concept.
A Dedicated website with product credentials and references
A unique and strategic niche Branding within the roof and wall waterproofing industry.
Authorized distributors by County can have exclusive assigned territories with Florida and discounts on our Full Line of Roof Care Products
Let's get down to business...what are the numbers?
Amazing Roof Restoration System, Distributorships Available Now,Established Roof Weatherproofing Business, We have a tremendous breakout business model opportunity, County, State & National Territories Available

*" 2020 Rolling Out our New Smart Shield Product Line, Black is Cooler than lighter Colors"

see images Its Truly Ground Breaking.

Contractually secured
Complete business support.
In house Contractors for Managers.
Contractor and Manufactures Licensed Qualifier.
Dade County Tested Rubber Roof Products.
State of the Art Roof Paint, Roof Waterproofing, Roof Weatherproofing System.
Online references with Phone numbers.
Google My Business Account and Content Management Website & much more...
Training Included for Installer Distributor or Sales Manager.
Sales Managers, Turn Key.
Proven Profitable.
Only serious inquiry's please.

Distributor Installers 25,000 minimum investment required,

Sales Managers, Turn Key, Negotiable.

Financing Available For Those who Qualify

cleaning and coating systems
For more information Call 954-210-9614 option 1.