principalmedia
6:20 PM (0 minutes ago)
to me



----- Forwarded Message -----
From: RoofProtect Products <info@flatroofsealants.com>
To: test <principalmedia@bellsouth.net>
Sent: Saturday, August 1, 2026 at 06:09:58 PM EDT
Subject: Don't Re-Roof! Weatherproof!

header_for_email_template
Uplift Test

Real time test of our Rubber Roof Coating installed on a Spanish roof.

video_preview_964b8eb5096519a3643c7aa9462d80b1.jpg
Testimonial Video

Don's actual testimonial about his roof spared after the hurricane.

video_preview_b4e60274a56f5185a3ecaa4e2458efe9.jpg
Installation Video

Our expert installers demonstrating the actual installation of the product.

video_preview_1f8c186574af77aeff9d95ace5b90634.jpg
The Roof Store

Roof Protect seamless coating products have been the proven re-roof replacement roof repair solution to stop roof leaks and protect your Florida roof against hurricane-force winds and water damage which is the ever-present severe weathering known to consistently damage and destroy the typical Roof Systems in our area.

Our company presented its roof coating process with Home Depot, after the rash of named storms passed through our area in the 2004 2005 Hurricane season, speaking with their roofing and siding division for expansion of our brand recognition, they told us, "they had to see if there was a market for this kind of process." It's funny ever since then they started offering our basic concept in all kinds of different inferior paint products.

roof-paint-acrylic
Don_divider
Don-Godshall
Don's Roof Shield System

damaged_house_1
The Neighbor's Roofs Damaged

damaged_house_2
Roof Tiles Devastated

Don Godshall's Testimony

I had to either replace the roof or seal it, I decided to use the Roof Shield roof paint sealant system, During hurricane Wilma, my neighbors' tiles were hitting my house so the next morning after the storm passed we went outside to see what happened, our roof was still perfect.

three_systems_divider_b69ee0fc
Our roof sealants are manufactured here locally and were originally designed to be applied to virtually any type of roof or wall structure, literally you will save thousands on unnecessary roof replacements and roof repairs.

fungal_shield
Fungal Shield

  

"Save Your Tiles" Rejuvenates the look of the Tiles.

 

Sheds water, prevents staining & UV protection.

 

Guaranteed mildew resistant, less cleaning required.

 

5Y Product Warranty

smart_shield
Smart Shield

Our Smart Shield Colors Now 23 % more reflective "Cool Pigment Technology"

Non-Seamless looks the same when done, just like new.

FP&L says it Saves on cooling costs.
Waterproofs the tiles, protects them against wind-driven rain and is mildew proof.

Adds surfaces durability and strength.

Prevents Tile Damage due to chipping, cracking and premature color fading.

roof_shield
Roof Shield

 

Premium Roof Tile Retrofit

Dade County Tas-106 Uplift pull tested system.

5xs Stronger than a new roof and 1/2 the cost.

Maintenance Free, lifetime product warranty.

Prevents Damage form hurricane-force winds.

Transferable & renewable warranty.

Additional roof life certification for up to 10 Years on 50+Y/0 Roofs.

RoofProtect_divider
roofprotect_graphic
1. Heat generation by radiation absorption

2. Heat transport by thermal conduction 

3. Transfer to air and convection

The energy radiated by the sun hits the colored surface. When the radiation is absorbed, this generates heat, which is transported by the thermal conduction into the material and by convection into the surrounding air. Less absorption automatically means less heat build-up.

FLAT ROOF WATERPROOFING

flat-roof-waterproofing
SPANISH TILE WATERPROOFING

Spanish-tile-roof-waterproofing
SHINGLE ROOF WATERPROOFING

Shingle-roof-waterproofing
SHINGLE ROOF PAINTING

Shingle-Roof-Painting
CEMENT ROOF WATERPROOFING

Flat-cement-tile-roof-waterproofing
SHINGLE ROOF TILE PAINTING

Spanish-tile-roof-painting
Extend the life of your property, preserve and protect its value, the utilization of a unique proprietary manufacturing process that produces pure liquid Rubber Acrylic without water, fillers, thickeners, or extenders that still remain efficient, environmentally safe and is a technological breakthrough in the industry. 

energy_star_divider
Facebook	Twitter	LinkedIn	YouTube
Storm Shield Paint Systems Inc.
dba Roof Shield Coating System A+ BBB Rated since 1994
4700 Sheridan Street
Hollywood Florida, Suite J, 33021
Office 954 210 9614, option 1
www.theroofstore.net


"The Original Liquid Applied Rubber Roof Shield Systems"
We have received your information and one of our sales associates will be contacting you soon, in the meantime, the flatroofsealants.com team has provided for you the most important information for clarification purposes:
* Our system is the only tile roof coating system (monolithic retrofit element) with the Dade County TAS-106 wind Uplift Test that proves its superior strength and durability.
* We are the only contracting & manufacturing firm that has side-by-side evidence of hurricane-coated resistant roofs.
* Our products are industrial strength, environmentally safe, resin weatherproof rubber submersible coating materials.
* Our transferable product warranty may include a hurricane uplift rating which can lower your insurance premiums.
* Our product Fire rating may qualify for a discount to lower your insurance premiums.
* Roof Shield is a retrofit property improvement that is tax-deductible.
* Our white reflective products honor the Fp&l discount of up to 45 cents per sq ft for energy efficiency.
* Roof Shield System quality's for The State of Florida Roof Life certification for an additional 10 years on 50+ Y/O roofs..
* flatroofsealants.com (and the affiliated network websites we own) have been online resources for the past 15 years,
* Our Florida corporation was founded and has been servicing Floridians since 1994, celebrating our 24th year in 2018
* A Licensed commercial and residential contracting firm.
Our pricing (certain discounts may apply with rebate program)
Fungal Shield System clear (roofs or walls), 50 cents to 1.50 per sq ft. (Includes labor & materials)
Smart Shield System waterproofing (tile roofs, walls & flat decks), 1.50 to 2.50 per sq ft.' (includes labor & materials)
Roof Shield System, weatherproofing retrofit 2.50 to 3.50+ per sq ft' (miner required restoration may be included).
Variance in price is predicated on type and length of the warranty, (if any), additional preparation that the surface or edges may require, access, pitch and or shape of the tile or structures to be coated. Prices above include all required materials labor and some miner restoration and on flat decks taping seams as designated.
To get an apx sq ft of your Barrel Tile roof take the interior space under air and X 20%, (Flat cement tile roof x 10%) don't forget to include the garage and Florida rooms if you need those sealed as well, remember some roof overhangs are small, some large thus measurements can vary Barrel Tile (Spanish Tile) may increase the area of the surface by 20 %.+.
Product system basic costs. "there is never a charge for an on-site price quote, so if you just need one of our sales associates to visit with you and provide a quote there is no charge, however, the manufacturer will require your roof to be inspected for purposes of the specific warranty program to Roof Shield so please continue reading the following, Thank you.
Note:
For resale purposes: for those roofs that qualify, the installed complete Roof Shield System may qualify your exiting roof for The State of Florida additional Roof Life certification of up to 10 years and is renewable each term renewal period providing the original system continues to be maintained.
The product manufacture requires an on-site evaluation inspection report to be undertaken (for the complete RoofShield System only) which is yours to keep and is completely confidential.
This measure is required by the manufacturer to be undertaken to confirm stable surfaces and stable edges are present on your roof for this specific product system warranty, protecting you as well as our firm from fraudulent reporting which would be grounds for termination of any warranty or guarantees. The confirmation and detailed report of the soundness of your roof may also help to qualify your roof for the state of Florida's additional roof life certification.
This exam is very similar to the wind mitigation report undertaken by your insurance company, it includes images beneath the roof as well as above including the eave overhang, perimeter edges, fascia boards, and sub fascia were applicable and the report will indicate areas that need to be addressed prior to application and is your report to keep.
If required repair areas are found, (Broken tile, torn paper, or rotten wood), must be removed and restored prior to any permanent monolithic hard coating preparations and depending on the areas and the type of detailing required to be undertaken may already be included in the price ranges stated above.
The manufactures inspection report for product inspection for warranted work is 100% refundable if:
* Provide our company with a recent 4 point exam including the roof wind mitigation and adjunct images within the last six months.
* Inordinate amount of structural issues present and does not pass our minimum standard condition for a product system warranty.
* Decide at that time to purchase our products and install them yourself, (minimum 1000.00 product order).
* Utilize our in-house licensed contracting firm to apply our roof coating products and system or retain the services of our authorized roof weatherproofing distributor contractors available locally or nationwide.
 

Structural Repairs must be undertaken before the application of our products and are the responsibility of the owner.
 

The manufacture's onsite roof inspection fee is 150.00, it is required at completion and the property owner or agent must be present and access is to be made readily available for service personal to the dwelling from the inside.
 
* Please send this email back and confirm that you accept the terms and conditions and that you "want the inspection for the Complete Roof Shield System" or just simply "an onsite price quote" then simply follow through with confirming booking arrangements that will be scheduled on this same email string shortly.
On-site appointments guaranteed within 24 to 48 hrs (not including weekends, holidays, or commercial bid inspections) of your written request

...

[Message clipped]  View entire message
Attachments area
Preview YouTube video Uplift TestPreview YouTube video Uplift Test

Preview YouTube video Testimonial VideoPreview YouTube video Testimonial Video

Preview YouTube video Install VideoPreview YouTube video Install Video

